[Music]
where you were to start the season
obviously coming here I mean how much of
a godsend has it been to play with these
guys freedom is unreal almost you know I
came out the game and now gave coach a
hug it gave Branagh hug and all these
guys then I look at shop and I just look
at his eyes and see where we came where
we started from you know my mom my mom
was was the court went out of the
confetti and stuff all that was coming
down she's like talk about started from
the bottom and now we're here and and I
mean to be able to do this and I mean
this unreal you know be in this
situation in a position I could have
been in a worse situation but I mean my
prayers been answered I'm now playing
like I said before arguably the greatest
played ever played again and people that
come in every day and enjoy what they do
and work harder what they do like
Tristan and the rest of the guys and I
mean I'm in a a great situation and I
just want to take full advantage of
everything I can right at this point you
guys hit threes all series at a very
high rate would you talk about that and
also about having Kyrie Beck oh it was
great you know well first of all I
haven't carried back is is a one of the
most important factors because he's a
he's a huge piece to this big puzzle
that we have and my managers great to
see him out there physically moving the
way he wants to move and do things that
he wants to do
but as far as his shots - whoo that's
the type team we are we got arguably one
of the greatest players ever to play the
game and the penetrating attack and do
things he does all we have to do is make
open shots I think that's one of the
easiest things and basketball to do is
to make an open shot so it's only right